Update to MongoDB Component Doc (#1410)
dotnet/docs-aspire: docs/database/mongodb-component.md

var myService = builder.AddProject<Projects.MyService>()
                       .WithReference(mongodb);
```

> **N.B.**: If using MongoDB Atlas, you do not need the call to ```.AddDatabase("mongodb");``` as the database creation will automatically be handled by Atlas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If using MongoDB Atlas, you don't need the call to `.AddDatabase("mongodb");` as the database creation will automatically be handled by Atlas.
```

And then the connection string will be retrieved from the `ConnectionStrings` configuration section:

> MongoDB Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the following MongoDB example JSON configuration:
```

}
```

> MongoDB Atlas Eexmple:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the following MongoDB Atlas example JSON configuration:
```

```json
{
  "ConnectionStrings": {
    "MongoConnection": "mongodb+srv://username:password@server.mongodb.net/",

>   }

Reviewer: Please revert these changes, I understand the need to show differences between connection strings for MongoDB and MongoDB with Atlas, but this configuration is still valid and needs to be reflected in docs.

}
```

> For more information on how to format this connection string, see [MongoDB: ConnectionString documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/v3.0/reference/connection-string).

Reviewer: Re-add removed section.

```suggestion
For more information on how to format this connection string, see [MongoDB: ConnectionString documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/v3.0/reference/connection-string).

### Use configuration providers

The .NET Aspire MongoDB database component supports <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration?displayProperty=fullName>. It loads the `MySqlConnectorSettings` from configuration files such as _:::no-loc text="appsettings.json":::_ by using the `Aspire:MongoDB:Driver` key. If you have set up your configurations in the `Aspire:MongoDB:Driver` section, you can just call the method without passing any parameter.

The following example shows an _:::no-loc text="appsettings.json":::_ file that configures some of the available options:

```json
{
  "Aspire": {
    "MongoDB": {
      "Driver": {
        "ConnectionString": "mongodb://server:port/test",
        "DisableHealthChecks": false,
        "HealthCheckTimeout": 10000,
        "DisableTracing": false
      },
    }
  }
```

Author: Happy to add this back. However, is it still MySqlConnectorSettings when its MongoDB? I don't know the answer to that.
It also mentions that if you use this section, you don't need to pass any parameter, which I didn't find was the case. .AddMongoClient requires a connection name.

Reviewer: I fixed the suggestion, it did have a typo and had incorrect info. Thanks for catching that.

The .NET Aspire MongoDB database component doesn't currently expose any OpenTelemetry metrics.

> ## See also

Reviewer: Re-add space after heading to fix MD lint issue.

```suggestion
## See also

```
